## 开头
Hey,guys.
Today is my final oral-speech about the two system in our phone.And before the formal speech,I would like to share you some jokes of iOS and Android in the wway of Soviet jokes.

```
What are the advantages of the iOS system?

Successfully overcome difficulties that do not exist in other mobile systems.
```

So,after the jokes,and combine with our daily exp in using the two systems,we know none of them is not perfect.So today I would like to introduce the detail of the 2 systems and in this way,discuss the standard of the best system.

## 主体

### point1
A best system should have a user-friendly interaction mode.

#### 返回

  to start I'd like to show you a function that we need to use every day,it's return,from the higher level to the low level;From the app to the home page.In Android,the return function developed for 3 generations——the physic button,the 3 main buttons,and the full screen gesture.In iOS,there is two——the physic button,which only have the home botton,and the full screen gesture,which still forget to use a gesture to make return directly.In iOS,most times you need to touch the left-up conner and touch the arrow to make a return.It is not convinient,especially in phone with bigger screen.
#### 单手模式
  Additionally,iOS has some other not user-friendly designs like the single-hand mode,you will lose half of the screen.And when you need return,you will exit the single-hand mode...it is too silly.

  So,in my view,the interaction mode is really an important part of your daily use as it determines your user experience.
  It is the fundmation of a best system,and it should be a vital standard of a the best system.

### point2
  A best system should have a concise and efficient UI design 

  in this days,we are more likely to see or hear of the design language of Minimalism,which emphasize the conciseness and efficiency.It really lower the cost you learn and use the tool,or the system in the current context.
#### Apple is sure a leader.
  so in this field,iOS,or it's company——Apple,are surely a leader.
  Just look at the products of apple,they are the symbol of Minimalism.
  And for the system itself,the iOS is still a leader.
  For the usage,I think the system with the spirit of Minimalism have better visual experience,like the **rounded rectangle** and the **Gaussian blur**.
  From the practical perspective,the good design can lower the time you guess the function and learn the way you work with the system.

### point3
  A best system should be able to acceptsome neccesary user customization
  This thing is simple.The iOS system cannot use custom ringtones, lacks call recording,cannot use the Application dual open and Long screenshot.Although these functionsmay be small, they often affect your use and even disrupt your mood.
  Next thing is the Theme.I myself use the Theme to change the icon of the applications,and hide the name of the applications.Making it better to watch everyday.
  There are quite a few small widgets on the Android.Like the desktop Curriculum.And for something more.Android has greater freedom in installing third-party applications.Sometimes that is nice.

